# Publications 
[1]Vasileios Mavroeidis, Kamer Vishi and Audun Jøsang. A framework for data-driven physical security and insider threat detection. *2018 IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Networks Analysis and Mining (ASONAM)*. p. 1108-1115. IEEE, 2018.<br/><br/>[2]Nils Gruschka, Vasileios Mavroeidis, Kamer Vishi and Meiko Jensen. Privacy Issues and Data Protection in Big Data: A Case Study Analysis under GDPR. *2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)*. p. 5027-5033. IEEE, 2018.<br/><br/>[3]Vasileios Mavroeidis and Audun Jøsang. Data-driven threat hunting using sysmon. *Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Cryptography, Security and Privacy*. p. 82-88. ACM, 2018.<br/><br/>[4]Vasileios Mavroeidis, Kamer Vishi and Mateusz D. Zych. The Impact of Quantum Computing on Present Cryptography. *International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications (IJACSA)*. p. 405-414. 2018.<br/><br/>[5]Vasileios Mavroeidis and Siri Bromander. Cyber threat intelligence model: an evaluation of taxonomies, sharing standards, and ontologies within cyber threat intelligence. *2017 European Intelligence and Security Informatics Conference (EISIC)*. p. 91-98. IEEE, 2017.<br/><br/>[6]Vasileios Mavroeidis and Mathew Nicho. Quick Response Code Secure: A Cryptographically Secure Anti-Phishing Tool for QR Code Attacks. *International Conference on Mathematical Methods, Models, and Architectures for Computer Network Security*. p. 313-324. Springer, 2017.<br/><br/>[7]Kamer Vishi and Vasileios Mavroeidis. An Evaluation of Score Level Fusion Approaches for Fingerprint and Finger-vein Biometrics. *Norwegian Information Security Conference (NISK)*. 2017.<br/><br/>[8]Pierre Lison and Vasileios Mavroeidis. Neural reputation models learned from passive DNS data. *2017 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)*. p. 3662-3671. IEEE, 2017.<br/><br/>[9]Pierre Lison and Vasileios Mavroeidis. Automatic Detection of Malware-Generated Domains with Recurrent Neural Models. *Norwegian Information Security Conference (NISK)*. 2017.<br/><br/>